anyway there have been the adventures of
tintin to the congo there are now the
adventures of benteke in birmingham and
claude in chiba was the witness he has
met a number of witnesses
of about pressure that's who
christian benteke
it's already a good guy and 2oc is
she who has brought us a lot
last karmazin in green scott thomas
he's very shy it's not even a
shyness I mean normal shy
maybe it's here at villa park
in the suburbs of birmingham that
christian benteke seduced the first
league alloy of power and
accuracy for his first season he has
scored 19 goals and is invited to the table
top scorers in the league
english with van persie
suarez is beautiful at 22 years his reputation
is working
the important today sad we are
a star country recognized at the level of
level of world football you do the
job
kampeter today people these crises
between centers are last season
the goals of benteke years open a
villa of relegation
today the fans are racing and
know they have a day not like them
other winners
even if the diamond needs to be polished
but for now these are the ones
villa aston fans
who savor his talent
for the actor
a real star with vigor